CPU benchmark questions:
1. Look  at  your  LINPACK  measurements. How  do  they  differ  between  the platforms, what are the main reasons for the differences?

Linpack Benchmark is a measure of a computer's floating-point rate of execution which 
is using two routines to calculate number of floating point operations per second.

For the host system, we had a Intel(R) Core(TM) i3 CPU  (cache size: 3072 KB)
For the guest system, we used a QEMU Virtual CPU version 2.5+ (cache size: 16384 KB)

Our cpu benchmark results are not as expected. We expected the Docker performance to be not as goot as the native system.

As you can see in the graphical representation of your results, docker has a higher cpu performance than KVM, as expected. But unexpectedly, the native benchmark results are below docker's.


---------------------------------------
Memory benchmark questions:
1. Look  at  your  memsweep  measurements. How  do  they  differ  between  the platforms, what are the main reasons for the differences?

Memsweep benchmark measures the performance of the swap subsystem. It uses cache miss technique so that data has to be really loaded from the memory. 

Our memory benchmark results are not as expected. We expected the Docker performance to be not as goot as the native system, but to be higher than kvm.


---------------------------------------
Disk benchmark questions:
1. Look  at  your disk  write measurements. How  do  they  differ  between  the platforms, what are the main reasons for the differences?

With this benchmark, we measured sequential and random read and write access.
The results show the following performance order: kvm > docker and native (almost on same level).
This could be due to the cache size (L3 cache,16384 KB), that was used for the QEMU Virtual CPU.


2.Which disk format did you use for qemu? How do you expect this benchmark to behave differently on other disk formats?

We installed a x86_64 GNU/Linux distribution(Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS (Xenial Xerus)) on qemu


